README.md, before:

﻿# Image-recognition-web-app-Express-JS

> This is a simple web application built with Express.js that allows users to upload an image and perform image recognition on it. 
The app uses a pre-trained MobileNet model from TensorFlow.js to recognize the image and return the most likely classification of the image.


## Built With

- Tensorflow
- Expressjs
- HTML/CSS/JavaScript
- EJS

### Features
- Upload an image
- Display the uploaded image
- Perform image recognition on the uploaded image
- Display the most likely classification of the image

## VScode or other editor

### Install
- Clone the repository
- Navigate to the project directory
- Run npm install to install the dependencies
- Run npm start to start the server
- Open a web browser and go to http://localhost:3000/
- Upload an image using the form and click submit
- Wait for the image recognition process to finish
- View the most likely classification of the image
- If you want to use it as API you can pass the image in the http://localhost:3000/image

#### Cloning the project

git clone https://github.com/OpenGenus/Image-recognition-web-app-Express-JS <Your-Build-Directory>


## Authors

👤 **Sentayhu Berhanu**

- GitHub: [@sentayhu19](https://github.com/sentayhu19)
- LinkedIn: [sentayhu-berhanu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sentayhu-berhanu-6376579a/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/OpenGenus/Image-recognition-web-app-Express-JS/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

-This project was inspired by OpenGenus](https://iq.opengenus.org)

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.!

Commit message:

Readme class name location added

README.md, after:

﻿# Image-recognition-web-app-Express-JS

> This is a simple web application built with Express.js that allows users to upload an image and perform image recognition on it. 
The app uses a pre-trained MobileNet model from TensorFlow.js to recognize the image and return the most likely classification of the image.


## Built With

- Tensorflow
- Expressjs
- HTML/CSS/JavaScript
- EJS

### Features
- Upload an image
- Display the uploaded image
- Perform image recognition on the uploaded image
- Display the most likely classification of the image

## VScode or other editor

### Install
- Clone the repository
- Navigate to the project directory
- Run npm install to install the dependencies
- Run npm start to start the server
- Open a web browser and go to http://localhost:3000/
- Upload an image using the form and click submit
- Wait for the image recognition process to finish
- View the most likely classification of the image
- If you want to use it as API you can pass the image in the http://localhost:3000/image
- You can find the class name file at [tensorflow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/mobilenet)

#### Cloning the project

git clone https://github.com/OpenGenus/Image-recognition-web-app-Express-JS <Your-Build-Directory>


## Authors

👤 **Sentayhu Berhanu**

- GitHub: [@sentayhu19](https://github.com/sentayhu19)
- LinkedIn: [sentayhu-berhanu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sentayhu-berhanu-6376579a/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/OpenGenus/Image-recognition-web-app-Express-JS/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

-This project was inspired by OpenGenus](https://iq.opengenus.org)

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.!
